It's a zombie apocalypse.
You're stuck in your
apartment with no way out
and the WiFi doesn't work.
Do you think you're gonna survive?
Because I don't.
In this video, I'll be
breaking down the mistakes
made in "#Alive," because
there is no way anyone
should have survived
this zombie apocalypse.
(soft music)
Joon-woo wakes up
to find his family is out of the home.
So he does what he always does
live streams and plays
games with his friends.
Except they tell him to
get off and watch the news
because everywhere in Korea,
people are attacking each other
and a state of emergency
has been declared.
Okay first things first,
this guy is obviously a gamer.
So he might have some in-game
knowledge about surviving.
Gamers may be cowardly in real life
but their gamer instincts
could go a long way in an outbreak.
Already Joon-woo can see
right outside his window
how people are freaking out.
Waves of people are running
out of their apartments
and already we're seeing signs of zombies.
People biting each
other, leaping, running.
This is all happening pretty quickly.
In this specific case,
don't join the crowd.
Stay behind, let them
draw as many zombies out
from your area as possible,
giving you the chance to live.
An opportunity later to escape
with less zombies on the loose.
Also there's no time for
hugs in the apocalypse.
Why do people do this?
Maybe she didn't know she would turn
but even still, run dammit!
Joon-woo decides to take
a peek outside of his door
and his next door
neighbor comes rushing in.
No warning, he's just
suddenly inside the apartment
and he's begging Joon-woo to let him stay.
He's brother got bit, he escaped
and Joon-woo is having none of this.
He's telling this guy
to get out and go away.
But he let's his neighbor stay
long enough to use the bathroom.
As the guy is there though
Joon-woo hears on the news
the symptoms of zombification.
Bleeding from the eyes, becoming violent,
and wanting to eat people.
It gets Joon-woo's thinking
and he immediately grabs a knife.
As the neighbor comes out of the bathroom,
Joon-woo spots a bite mark on his hand
and forces him out at knife point,
but the man stops as he reaches the door.
He begins to turn.
Look, it doesn't take a genius
to figure out bite equals bad.
So when a guy wants to stay in your house
which you obviously should never do.
At the very least make
him take his clothes off
and prove he has no bites on him.
Not gay if it saves your life.
I mean the guy's got blood on his shirt.
You might have better chances of survival
but if he won't show you,
you gotta go for the knife.
Violently jerking and cracking,
the new zombie rushes at Joon-woo
who gets him to like a bear hug
and pushes him out of the house.
Where another zombie
beats the crap out of him.
That night, Joon-woo blocks
the front door with a fridge
and tries to make a call,
but he can't connect to anyone.
A news report in TV suggests survivors
make sure they have
enough food for 60 days
and Joon-woo starts to
tally up what he has,
though it doesn't look like
he has enough for even 10 days.
Beer will tide you over for a little while
and nobody will be delivering
your favorite barbecue chicken.
Once you lock down your house
the first thing to do is
ration what you have left
for as long as you can.
Then devise a strategy for
getting more food safely.
If you have any fruit, keep the seeds
and plant them in flowerpots.
Water will soon be gone,
so I'd fill all my containers and tubs
with tap water to drink.
This buys me time for a
more long-term solution,
or at least until it rains.
Begin cardio endurance
training immediately.
Gamers are not world-renowned
for their fitness.
Social media is great, but
here it gets you killed.
The next day he gets inspired
to check out Instagram
where people are posting,
calling for help,
and telling others where they are
as calls still aren't connecting.
It's time to use your tech for
survival and not for likes.
The guy figures out that
by attaching his phone to a drone,
he could fly it high
enough to get service.
He gets a signal and it actually works.
The call goes through until
he runs out of batteries.
Charge your batteries first, come on man.
Scouting the area is the only way to know
when and how to get out of your flat.
You'll be able to use this
to observe your neighbors houses,
to pick your best future scavenging sites.
It's not inconceivable
to rappel yourself down
or climb out to balconies,
if you know there aren't
immediate threat inside.
That night a police woman
runs through his neighborhood,
drops her gun and gets bitten.
Even as Joon-woo tries
to distract the zombies
he can do nothing but
watch as they take her.
A dropped gun on the streets
might be enough to lure some outside
but it's a terrible idea.
You have no idea how many bullets are left
so it could leave you dead.
Also screaming at your windows
will piss off your neighbors,
especially the ones with anger problems.
How the hell did this guy even get inside?
This big one somehow lumbers its way in
and it's only by hanging
from his balcony railing
does Joon-woo trick the zombie
into falling to it's death.
Clever, but risky.
I would have gone for the knife.
There's no way to know the zombie
would have flown out the balcony
without some movie magic.
It could easily have been you
lying there with your head bashed in.
The best solution here is the face off,
fight it, and aim for the head.
He fills in the door
to make it more secure
and starts the first in a series of vlogs
recording his experiences.
It's day seven, and Joon-woo learns
that the zombies infect
others through the blood
and that they keep some of their memories
like opening doors or windows.
He's also desperate,
the water in his unit no longer works
and he's downing bottles
of whiskey and beer
like his liver can afford it.
While some might think
this is irresponsible
we should acknowledge the stress involved.
As far as solutions go,
whiskey is among the best out there.
We're not just staying alive,
we're trying to survive.
That means a little fun can go a long way.
Still this desperation
doesn't stop Joon-woo
from taking some safety precautions
by covering and taping his windows up.
This might seem like a good idea
but you're taking away your ability
to observe your environment
and the zombies themselves.
I would be conducting experiments
to learn more about them,
what they respond to.
Are they out at night?
What are their habits?
Anything I can think of
to gain the upper hand.
In a zombie apocalypse
ignorance is not bliss, it's death.
On day 10, he finds
that there's a phone app
that could let him call using FM waves
but he needs a specific audio Jack
which she doesn't have.
On day 15, Joon-woo gets a
voice message from his dad
but he still can get a
signal to listen to it.
He hang off the balcony to get reception,
grab the attention of the zombies
who start crowding down below him.
It's like dinner and a show.
This gives me a great idea.
Find the most indestructible
object in your house
and as much string as you can find.
Shoelaces, knotted bedsheets
throw to the zombies below
aiming to crush their
heads and reel it back up.
You can take them out one by one
until you've cleared as many zombies
from the area as possible.
Nevermind, this is better
let's just wing this whole survivor thing.
Looks like gamer strategy
flew out the window.
He leaves this apartment
and when he cuts a corner
he sees his zombified
neighbor crawling around.
Why does he keep shouting?
Adrenaline is good for killing
but don't use it to draw
more attention to yourself
especially if you're using it
to trash talk a zombie.
And then more zombies show up
closing in on him from
both sides of the complex.
He goes through the elevator
but a whole crowd of zombies fall out.
Also elevators very bad idea.
I hate waiting for them in normal time
during the zombie
apocalypse, I can't even.
He sneaks his way back up
and runs into this blind zombie
who Joon-woo is very careful not to alert,
and then slammed the door shut.
Attracting the zombie,
who tries to jiggle the
handle to open the door.
This zombie is impressive.
No eyes, but tries the door handle.
He must be the freaking
Albert Einstein of zombies or something.
On day 20 the power plants
in the city blow up.
Everywhere buildings
are losing electricity
and Joon-woo decides to finally give up.
He tries to go out like
Epstein by hanging himself,
but as he's choking someone
shines a laser on him.
He wriggles out of his noose
and sees directly across
from his building,
who is pointing the laser.
This chick is Yoo-bin,
who is honestly a bad-ass.
She's very well-prepared
to survive with supplies,
a good sense to ration what she has,
and she's even set up a
trap in front of her door
in case something comes in.
She has also been scouting
the various floors
in Joon-woo's apartment
spotting which ones are full zombies,
and which ones aren't.
They tell each other their names
and Joon-woo seems to
think she's pretty cute.
A note on the dating scene
during the zombie
apocalypse, there isn't one
but when cute girls start
paying attention to you,
it's best to keep things professional.
Emotions cloud your judgment.
So intimate relationships
are not recommended
but if you are this bad at surviving
that's all the hope you've got.
She sees that Joon-woo is starving,
so she tries tossing over a rope
which absolutely fails.
This rope falls to the streets
but Joon-woo uses his
drone to fly over a cord,
and now they're able to send food
and goods to each other
from apartment to apartment.
The thing is, Yoo-bin
has sort of screwed herself over
because that rope that she tried to throw
gets spotted by a firefighter zombie.
Which in any other zombie
apocalypse is no problem
but zombies here retain
some of their memories.
Now this rope is connected to a table
and because it's being pulled,
it violently knocks out Yoo-bin.
A climbing zombie is definitely a first
but it's not the time to be impressed.
Your future ex-girlfriend
is in serious trouble
and now's the time to figure out
how to ruin everything fast.
Joon-woo does everything he can
to distract the firefighter.
Shouting, throwing bottles
and he ends up using his drone
which the firefighter breaks.
The drone is great thinking.
It perfectly combines what you're good at
and what you can use
to immediately influence a situation.
But I would have gone one step further
and attached a knife to the drone.
It might not be fast enough to stab it
but it would give your new
friend a fighting chance
if she didn't have a weapon.
It's by sheer luck that
Yoo-bin gets up in time
to cut off the firefighters hand
sending it plummeting to the ground.
Joon-woo decides to gear up
and go scavenging for
food and other things.
Breaking into his next
door neighbor's house,
which is filled with food, walkie-talkies,
mountaineering gear and
of course a dead body.
Joon-woo checks to see who the body is
and it's a random woman, which is weird
since his neighbor's brother was infected.
So where's he?
As soon as Joon-woo finds this out
the zombified brother attacks him,
and it's only thanks to
some quick thinking and luck
that Joon-woo gets out.
Sharing a walkie-talkie
and Nutella with Yoo-bin.
The next day they notice that the zombies
are suddenly running through
both apartment complexes.
They don't know why.
As Yoo-bin goes to grab her hatchet
she accidentally knocks over a table.
The whole conga line of zombies
make their way to a room
but they get distracted
as Joon-woo calls the landline
of the unit next to Yoo-bin's.
The ringing of the neighbor's phone,
drawing away the zombie horde.
Calling your neighbor's phone is smart
but it's life or death riding on one idea.
Herds are a problem you
can't solve in the moment.
Your only option is to
hide and draw no attention
but they can be avoided
with some organization and planning.
The best advantage is
that you are in a building
with sealable entrances.
If you could start by clearing your floor
and work with reliable neighbors,
to clear the building slowly,
it's a realistic way to
take back the building
and barricade the main entrances.
But if it's just too daunting a task
it's still worthwhile
to create sound traps,
to distract zombies away from you.
Pots and pans work well for this.
Lower them to the floor below
attached to a string and pull it
when a distraction is required.
They both decide that
now is the only chance
to get to the eighth floor and gear up.
Joon-woo tries to coordinate
and come up with a plan
but Yoo-bin pulls a mission impossible.
Sliding down a rope from her balcony
and making a mad dash
to Joon-woo's apartment
and she does an amazing job by the way.
She's bobbing and weaving,
beating the crap out of any zombie
with her climbing acts.
But her ankle gets caught by a zombie
and she barely grabs the pistol
that's been left out here,
as Joon-woo comes down to help her.
Jumping into a parking lot
of zombies is a terrible idea
but if you must, don't try to kill them.
All survival now depends on
invasion, to move forward
and out of the growing cluster of zombies
where you can easily be trapped,
if spent hacking away at one.
Football players would do
well, golfers would not.
The two survivors run back
into Joon-woo's building
and take the elevator to the eighth floor.
The zombies stampede into the lobby.
Upstairs, the doors of
the apartments are locked
and a whole mob of the
undead finds the two humans.
The two of them desperately
try to unlock the apartments
and are saved by this man
who drags them inside his unit.
He shares with them food and water
and tells them supposedly
there are teams of soldiers
flying around the city to rescue people,
and there should be one
arriving sometime soon.
Great news for everyone
if they're actually going
to make it out alive.
Yoo-bin and Joon-woo do
everything right here.
They wait until the guy drinks the water
to see if it's dangerous
and then they asked for canned goods,
which would have signs
of being tampered with.
Honestly, I don't think
I'd do anything differently
but how exactly did the
guy poisoned the food?
This guy not only didn't
have a lease in this unit
but he drugs and zip ties
Joon-woo and Yoo-bin,
as he intends to feed them to his wife.
No, she's not a cannibal
she's a zombified freak on a leash,
who the man locks in a nursery room.
There is no way she's getting out of here
but Joon-woo is able to wake up
and threaten the man with the gun.
He tries again to let Yoo-bin out
but the man instead let's go to the leash
letting his zombified wife attack Yoo-bin
who's screams go totally silent.
The kidnapper unlocks the door
to find out what happened,
only to find his wife
being pushed out the door by Yoo-bin.
The zombie immediately
latching onto her husband,
biting and nibbling him
as he apologizes to her
but not the two people he
just tried to kill, classy.
Yoo-bin uses one bullet
to take out both of them
and alerts the horde.
Shooting a gun in a zombie
apocalypse is dangerous
but if you had to use the gun,
it would have been smarter
to just shoot the guy.
We're obviously not gonna
convince him to stop
if there's more than one
bullet left in the gun
shoot the lock off and
forget about the key.
Every second is precious
if you're trying to save your girlfriend
from imminent face munch by zombie.
She begs Joon-woo to take her out
and he agrees just about ready
to blow her mind with his piece,
when he hears what
sounds like helicopters.
Immediately the two survivors
rush to the rooftop, tearing past zombies
and trying to slow down the mob
but by the time they get up
there, no one is waiting.
Now they're well and truly dead
as zombies break through
the door and bum-rush them.
There was no escape
and the gun just ran out of amour.
There is no way out,
except as you probably
figured out by now, there is.
A helicopter of armed soldiers
shows up out of nowhere,
taking the two survivors on board,
where Joon-woo begins to
receive a signal on his phone
and finds out his family are still alive.
Joon-woo is just one of
many Koreans who were saved
as everywhere throughout the city,
survivors are posting to social media
about where they are and in turn,
soldiers are coming to rescue them.
And here I thought
social media was useless.
Who knew that it could save your life,
but what do you think?
Do you agree with my
theories or do you disagree?
Let me know with a comment down below.
With that said thank you
so much for watching.
Leave a like and subscribe
and check out the playlist
that's up on the channel.
Until next time, have a damn good day.